Haha, are you kidding?
You just promised me that I have to think about it.
This descent not only saved your father
I still have to complete my task of getting married
Mr. Ye, why are you getting married?
reluctant to have
I haha
Let's go!
By the way, help me tell you that what?
Top expert quack doctor
I didn't forget the bet I made with him
I'll go to him tomorrow and ask for my hospital
Plus the 3,000 projects he promised me
Not one less
According to your grandfather's engagement
You want to marry Wu Siyao, the daughter of the Wu family
Master, Wu Siyao is a beautiful woman
Still ugly?
Well, don't worry about that.
He is a pig
You want to marry him too
This is the life of your grandfather, the master
Hello boss
Ye Wushuang has gone down the mountain
Just came out of the Duan family
All carved
An unparalleled gentleman is harassed
It must be removed within three days
otherwise
The four major families in Nancheng will be devastated
Thank you boss